that that is considered a cartoon line of therapy, so their lot one base end reason would actually be cart T, rather than a medication ad. But yeah, I did check that, and I didn't find anyone as of now, but I can check it once more just to clarify, just confirm from my side as well. But I think that is one, that is just one thing. I did check out like, I think the party period is for the country that you told me, like, last time. Mm-hmm. Right. yeah. If you try to check for that, I didn't find anyone, OM. So that is the reason. Rest, everything is the same. I added in these patient visualising, like patient journey analysis, basically. where you wanted to look at what is going on and where, like basically I think this, so I have it in the dashboard over here. We can go over it here now or whenever you have time, we take a look at it and they let me know. I have 10 patient examples. Like basically, what happens? So if you look at this thing over here, right? I would say this one is a better example over here. So basically when you're following a patient over here, this is like the end of this particular treatment happens on like 1st February. 2nd and this after that. So it's within the 90 day period. So that is there. Or you mean 60 day period or the 1st 60 days of the line? Oh, yeah. Sorry? Sorry, sorry, so there's the there's the 60 day induction period and then there's also for SCTs. I think there's it, you look for one, um, consolidated by like a 2 week period, like all SCT activity gets rolled up into one, and then within the, within the 1st SCT that you find, another one is allowed to occur more than 60 days but less than 180 days later. But the induction period should be 60 days for the line of therapy, and then there's like another 60 day window around the 1st SCT. Oh, yeah, I wasn't talking about the SCT at all. SCT is, I was going to come to that later. I was just talking on this particular medication, right? Yeah, I think this. Sorry, you said 90, so or is it... Uh, is this particular period of year where you have like uh, the gap theatre? We had the 3069 day cohorts, right? Uh, sorry, which period? So when we did the high criteria, uh, over here. Oh, the 90 day. Oh, I see. Sorry, the inpatient outpatient. Got it, got it. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So basically, this is what it is. And you have this particular medication going on and this comes up. So basically, in this case, I think this SCTO here is after the 60 day period, which this one said, I don't have a date, we will populate it over here, probably that can be that takes an add in the rate. We will also be seating. But most likely this SCT is an SCT auto. Yeah, so this is a city and a city auto, so it's not a game, uh, like a LOT ending reason. So basically once this medication adds gets added over here, which is like a next one, cycle over here. So this one basically causes it to stop the LOT man over here. So the LOT one NDA is all year. So similarly, I have multiple different exams and I still have medications which follow after that. So I just kept it as of now for your reference. But similarly, I have other examples. So yeah, like this is there, for this one, it's an SCT all aloe. So basically that is a ending line treatment ending thing. So that is why I have it over here by the LOT on end so here. So there are multiple different examples that I have earlier. I think this is the one that you were looking at, well, like, you know, not this one. So I would probably even take a look at it. see whether it makes sense. And I think then probably we can... Yeah. Yeah. Okay, okay, yeah, no, this is amazing. Yeah, this looks really nice. So, um, could you, um, email this to me or message it to me? A new dashboard? Yes, it's on the, this thing itself, this particular, you have the water taxes, actually. Let me download this thing. Okay, that would be great. Yeah. Um... Yeah, because that was actually one of the things I wanted to ask you, if there was a new updated dashboard, like, so I'll take a look at that, and... One thing I wanted to just talk about, like, I feel like you have incorporated some of these flags, but I was chatting with Ashley. Oh, perfect. Thank you. Um, I was chatting with Ashley, who's gonna be leading the 2 upcoming studies that are gonna use this, uh, actual algorithm. And I was thinking, because she was asking me about how to apply the I.E. criteria and I was explaining that we're trying to start with the broadest criteria possible, but they can modify the criteria for their future study. And I was just thinking about, um, technically, if they use different criteria, if that will change the line of therapy, and Dominique thinks it won't change the line of therapy that dramatically, which makes sense to me, but, like, I'm, I just don't know, actually, like, what the impact will be, like, for example, with using the 30 or 60 or 90 day window for inpatient outpatient, like, that will definitely affect how people are getting classified or, Um, if someone decides to, Well, I don't know, we're starting with the broadest criteria. So I feel like if you turn on other criteria, it'll actually drop out patients that are more suspicious, but like, anyway, I'm just trying to think about, well, the thing I was starting to worry about is like if for every single project, if we theoretically need to validate the line of therapy, um, again, but maybe, maybe it is okay, or like, I don't know, an easy way to evaluate that, but we also haven't fully decided how we're going to validate this line of therapy. Like, I think we're kind of just gonna sit down with our clinical expert and like think about, um, NCCN improved guidelines and like what the standard of care is and if things are mostly conforming to that, um, that'll be sufficient. But like, you probably see what I mean. Do you feel like, is there, you don't need to add these right now. We could do it later in this study, but like, I'm just trying to think about how to assess the impact of changing certain IE criteria and how that all affect future studies. Like the line of therapy itself. Oh, that is kind of, I don't think it will change it that much, basically, is what I, I think the broader, the major categories and everything would still remain as it is, at least from all that experience. So it could not change it dramatically. I can do sensitivity analysis for like a 30 day period and also like adding in the exclusion criteria. Like 2 of them to see whether that changes the lines, whether that changes the LOT significantly, just to confirm on what I, like what my hypothesis, if that's what it is done. Yeah, because I, probably just the 30, 60, 90 day window is the thing that will really affect things. I'm trying to think of other criteria that'll have an impact, but I think we started with the most broad criteria possible that it shouldn't be a big issue, but I just wanted to flag that because we were talking about it the other day. So, yeah, maybe we can, when we're getting to validation, we can look at that more. I don't need you to sync time into it right now, but, um, Yeah, even with the 30 day, 660, 90 feet, it's not that different for the boat counts, right? Probably. I feel like, yeah, I feel like we even looked at this a little bit, but it's hard to know what how the lot will change until we have programmed it. So, yeah. Okay. Yeah, just something to have on our radar and to think about, um, So I think then, yeah. Yeah, on that particular thing, I just had one question. So is would it be better for something like that where for this particular data set, like we can use these rules that are there for lines of therapy and just create some kind of an algorithm. And basically before that, Like anyways, the algorithm is there where we have some kind of an, basically, right now we know they have we have it an algorithm, there's no maintenance, right? But the profit cow would change. So maybe wouldn't it be better if I have some kind of program which would be something like an after just Nelity thing? And basically you just change the I criteria before that. I know the counts and everything would change, but the program would remain the same as it is. Would that be feasible possible to do? Like, I might be wrong. Wait, sorry, so the lot, you're talking about adding an additional lot program that, could you say, one more time? Sorry. Basically, what I'm saying is like right now, the lot program has like a patient starts with Portland, something like that. And then after a certain time he has a CD alloy, then it gets LOT gets ended and or something like if he has new medication. So those things are as would be defined across, that would not change for multiple mile, right? That would remain. Oh, you're saying chase the rules. Like if you wanted to change the lot rules, you could do that. Yeah, no, basically I was saying, like, the lock roads will remain the same, right? No matter what we change with IE criteria. The inclusion explosion criteria, like if we add in the 30 days period or 60 day period, that would not matter for the program, coding standpoint. The court would still be in the same, right? So basically, uh, We can just reuse that particular program over the period of time. This particular diagram and everything would change, that might change. The numbers might go up and down, but the code would still remain the same, right? The code can just be reused across different, uh, for any kind of multiple mile mile or using occupations, right? That's what I'm just, I think that is how I programmed it. I just wanted to check like that. Is that what? Oh, it's also what you had in mind or maybe I wasn't missing British. Yeah. No, no, sorry, I thought you were proposing a way to use this line of therapy for other cancers. So sorry, I was totally misunderstanding. Yeah, no, that's correct. The idea would be, like, starting with, like, I think technically the only theoretical requirement of our population is that they have one inpatient or 2 outpatient, and then everything else can be toggled with is, like, how we wrote the protocol, which I was discussing with Ashley and Dominique, like, if we should just write that differently and have some hard-coded required, i.e. criteria, but, um, the idea is that, um, Dominique and Ashley, when they do the next study, they'll bring in the line of therapy and then they can change the i.e. criteria thereafter. But I think the criteria we're starting with are the broadest. So the only thing, I think that would really change is if they wanted to go with a stricter diagnosis window, if they wanted to apply more continuous enrolment, because we're not really applying any in the follow-up period. Things like that. So, hey, yeah, I hope that's answering your question, but like the idea is you're using this and putting it into any project and then people will tighten the IE criteria as they want in future studies. Yep, yep. what I had in mind as well. So basically, uh, I was thinking more on the lines was like, uh, um, when they create a cohort, right? So basically, uh, they would have an ic idea that would be filtered based on like different kinds of methods out there. So when they run this program, do we want to create some kind of, like right now, this box is an extimal dashboard, which gets created. But do we want to make it a bit more interactive is where I was thinking on the lines as well as coming from. Would be more beneficial if it was some kind of an app, like a domino app, and publish it over there, basically they plug in the data on that app and that app then automatically puts in the IKT in and runs and creates a dash propensity. Something on those lines. And so similar to the art apps, you could change like your continuous enrolment requirement. You could change. Oh, wow, okay. And I mean, that sounds wonderful. I feel like that would be really nice also for a lot of validation. Um, I think, yeah, so let me make a note of that. I think, um, I think for now, let's focus on actually finishing programming the lot, but I think that would be a really good feature to build in. I totally agree. So, um, but I will say, um, there are only 2 immediate studies planned to use this, uh, line of therapy, which I kind of was asking about because it's been so much effort to build this, but they do think that they're going to get a lot of use out of it. So if it's actually answering, like needing this to answer quick questions, um, an art app is even better for that. So that would be really, really nice. Yeah, I was thinking more. And then I think... Oh, no, I was gonna sort of change the subject, so please go ahead. Yeah. Oh, well, the thing that I was saying is, like, Kavasha has the adapt dashboard that's there, right? And she's also talking about like having a patient visual, which I have something similar right now here. So along with that, something similar on LOT algorithm, this thing, which can actually be used as like a plug-in play. Once we have it for MM, it will be easy to that ticket it for other cancer types also. The definitions and the boat, algorithm would be different, but the app, interface and everything would still remain the same as it is where I was coming from. So if you put in the effort over. Okay. Yeah, so across other claim studies or like we wanted to have a broader line of therapy, yeah, that's a really nice idea. Yeah, let's keep, let's keep talking about that. I like that. Okay. Well, so then the other things, I think the only other 2 things I wanted to talk to you, well, actually 3 things. I'll say the 1st things, I don't have it written down. Um, so just in terms of next steps, I'll take this week to look at, um, the dashboard that you sent me. So thank you so much for that. And then, I think I'm just looking at the calendar, like we, we're, you know, we built in the study timeline to allow us enough time to validate, but like we have lost a week or two, but it, like, we still are doing okay on time, but I just don't want to, um, hold things too much. So I think whether it's you or me, like, I think the next step is in this coming week to do to make the law 2 through 5 spec. And it's gonna be very similar to lot one, just that the lot, 2 through 5 can start with an SET cart event, is a possible possibility. And then the induction window is 30 days instead of 60 days. And, um, I think that otherwise, the other rules may remain the same. So it should be pretty simple and I'm hoping you can leverage a lot of the code that you use for a lot one, but, um, just wanted to talk with you about, Would you like to work on that this week or I can also take a stab at it and you can critique it or whatever, whatever you think is best. I really take a stab at it this week. Um, I just want, no, I'll take, I'll write I'll do the 1st draft of that this week. I just had a question on like, let me share my screen again for a minute. So this is the Washington 6 that's there, right? basically. Yeah, version version 6 of the lot rules is the most current version. Yeah. Okay. So basically I love, and, uh, this, this is optum document that's there. So I'll go through that, both of them. Where should I add in like, do we have a? I think you shared with me the optum spec, right? Yeah, um, so I can share with you a level above, like, sorry, this project folder, it was handed to me by Maya like 2 years ago. So let me share with you the level above it, which can give you visibility into the 2024 folder. Here, let me show you. Like, I need to eventually migrate all of this into the study docs folder. So within the, um, site, it's called Seitel Documents. I'll just give you full access to what I have, but this folder, site all documents, there's the, um, I think I gave you just what's inside the 2026 refresh folder, but if I can share, I think if I share site all documents with you, you'll see everything that I see. Um... So, within the, um, 2024 effort folder, there's, um, it's the things, I think, is often deliverables. There's like the lot one text spec and just go by the date. So we already did the lot once back, obviously. So 2 through five, it'll be January 9th, 2025. What is the latest spec from them? And it's kind of a mix of their spec and our spec. We ask them to try to fit it to the GSK template, but it doesn't look very nice. So I recommend that. So I really, that was why I really wanted to have control early on if the lot won spec, because it was a lot to kind of translate and fit to our spec. So I actually kind of recommend starting with the spec we're working off of, just making a 2 through 5 version and changing some rules. But, um, yeah, anyway, you can you can have a look. Um, and so yeah, that would be really great if we could just try to, um, stick, uh, have some version of the spec by next week and then while I'm Q seeing it, you could also keep programming, just to not delay, study progress would be really, really nice. Um, yeah. Yeah, I'll do that then. Okay, perfect. So then, I think the next thing I wanted to talk to you about, just, um, I remember we had a look at the analytic data, so, oh, I hadn't finished this yesterday. I meant to oops. Okay, well, then we can still talk through it. The analytic data set kind of template, this is not a hard rule of what we need to do, but like we had talked with Dominique just about how the data should be organised for her study, for best for programming. And I feel like you're so much closer to it. You would have analytic data sets. I haven't gone into Domino to see how you're doing things, but broadly, my recommendation or, um, question, and I pose this to dominate the other day, is I think we want to do something sort of akin to what flatiron looks like, just in terms of having a line of therapy table and then a drug episode table where, like in the patient examples, you were just showing me with the maps, like people can actually see when the different agents are starting and stopping would be the idea. So just if, like, it looks like you're probably retaining all that information, obviously, in your interim data sense, to build that dashboard you showed me, but, like, I think just so people can actually see, like, with some granularity, what's going on behind the curtain. Um, I didn't create a dummy drug episode table, but the lot table, um, so that's the idea of the drug episode table, but the line of therapy table, pretty standard in, like, I'm imagining something similar to the bladder line of therapy table. What I was asking Dominique about is, like, right now, we have stub cell transplants, Carti events are considered their online therapy. And so, like, I was probably trying to ask for the best way to display this, because, like, in this example, I gave here is a big patient, but, like, this person has or in line, is there a lot, one, and then, if there are a lot, too, let's say, was an allogenic, um, SCT, there would, there's no consolidation therapy with allogenic, SCTs. So, I have the regiment blank, but then there's, like, a flag, yes, aloe with an aloe date. For example, but, like, to contrast that with, like, um, with a carte event, I, um, similar, like, there's a protein flag, yes, with a D to the carte event. But that, um, there is a regimen listed in the Richmond box because Carti can have a consolidation regimen involved. And, um, like, you'll see here that Cartier that I live, and I made up this data, like, this spans like a month or so, just, like, that would theoretically represent the time that Cartier happened, and when the regiment, lentilitimite, like, the drug episode happened. But, like, in my allergenic episode, you could see the start and end date are the same day, like, the day that the allergenic SCT actually happened. So I don't really know, like, um, like, I could talk to Peter, the medical consultant about this as well, but, like, for, like, just what kind of the dress, like, the line of therapy span should be, like, for an hour. Like, for example, If this person then started, Dara and Rick Belzebub, on May 8th, like shit, their aloe line of therapy spanned from April 16th to May 8th. or shouldn't be a one day event. Yeah, please go ahead. Oh, yeah, that's what I was asking. The one day, I went basically how you can put the... Yeah, yeah, I don't know. Like, and I'm not sure, because I know, like, the whole point of getting these stem cell transplants isn't supposed to prolong some benefit to the patient. So, like, but it's kind of an artificial line of therapy. So, like, should it be a one day event, or should you just say that they are being treated and benefitting from that treatment until they receive a new agent? That sort of thing. So I also, like, this is a little bit of new territory for me, because we didn't build out lots 2 through 5 last study, so I don't know. So we can kind of talk about that, but I just wanted to get the juices flowing and, like, see if you had thoughts about it, but just, like, this is kind of, I think, how we're envisioning the data to look for, but it's, you guys are gonna be programming it probably in the next study, so your input is really meaningful here. But yeah, just wanted to think about how we're organising things now. Yeah, no that makes sense. Probably the only thing we would happen to is, like, we standardise these naming conventions, that this will be something. Yeah, I can think about it. Yeah, like, yeah, I also, like, I can appreciate this is this was just totally for kind of information purposes. Like, I'm not using your data names. I think I started this before we finished this spec. So, um, yeah, wait, I agree, like, but this is just a template of the analytic data set, so that's good feedback. Yep, no, that's fine. Thanks for showing with us. Yeah, and it's, like, I think you can just focus on what you're doing. You don't need to edit this, but, um, if you want it, I think I saved it, um, in the output share. Yeah, ADS Shell, um, if we want to look at that. Okay, and then lastly, I know we just have 5 minutes. Thank you so much for pulling this, like, low, uh, foster mind patients together. I think I do have, I say, I went through all of the different data sets you saved from artefacts, and I think I took a few notes. Yeah, I have a hard stop, so I'm just looking at the time. So, um, So, yeah, I just wanted to ask, so some of these patients have, um, a lot, one base link, less than 60 days. Like, I know you also showed me an analytic data set of people who went on to subsequent treatment, but, like, I think that one was kind of an overall summary, so I can't link the patients specifically, and I also want a caveat all this. I don't want to go down too much of a rabbit hole, but it's helpful to see the data just to see what's going on. But, like, the patients that have a lot on base, like, less than 60 days, whether they receive cyclo mono or something else, like, do you get the impression that those people then start a new agent outside the 60 day induction window, or maybe they discontinued therapy entirely, or, like, just kind of broadly across all therapies, what's going on, when people have a lot on baseline less than 60 days. Yeah, I can take a look at it. not exactly sure, because I don't want to answer something like which I'm not exactly clear on. I can take a look at what happens for these patients, like, specifically once or 6 weeks, like, whether they this country, like what happens exactly? take a look at it. I assume it would make transfer to a different medication, but let me take a look at that. Okay, um, and also, too, like, I keep wanting to reiterate, like, I feel like you should just work on programming and we can also dig into these educates. So I'll keep all these notes, we can like go through them now just so like while you're programming if they come up in your mind, you'll have that in the back of your head. Yeah, but they also seem quite a medical. Yeah, yeah. Uh, so this is one of the examples that I had. Like, this is the lot on star date, right? So if you look at this patient, uh, he starts with cycling postpone. Which goes for our 22 days, then again, 44 days and then 20 days. So like with the gap period. And then he transfers on to a different medication is what I feel. Outside the 60 day window. Okay. I'll just sort of figured. Yeah. Okay. That was sort of what I was imagining is probably happening, but, um, just wanted to confirm with that, um, Okay, and then... When I started, is what is the 17th June, and this day, it is 13th day. Yeah, it's after 60 days. Mm hmm, okay. But, yeah, that makes sense. I can imagine that's happening to a lot of folks, but it's just interesting. They're just receiving like one fill. Like, and for cycloposs of mine, I'll have to talk to Peter, but, like, I think he says it's kind of, he did say, like, some people could be receiving it, and I feel like not that many people in our cohort are receiving it, so that's why I kind of, like, we shouldn't totally go down a rabbit hole with this right now, but it's been helpful for me to look at the individual patients, actually. For example, this one also, right? So it starts with LEN, that's a different thing. But this side of firsthand is what is, I don't have the stuff. Start it is what, 16th of May, and this one starts with one system now. Oh, this one is around 8th of June. So this is within the 60 day period, right? But then you have medication starting after that. So... Yeah, well, maybe the, yeah. Well, okay, well, we can, we can keep looking at that, um, I think then... You know, I'm just trying to find out. Yeah. This one is actually the right example that you're looking out for, for this fun basically starts with, like, or starts with, like, 1st one, but it has some, it has some medication after 60 days. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. Um, Yeah, I've been, I'm looking at the time I actually really need to drop in a moment, but I, one thing I'll say from looking at the patient examples, that, um, it looks like the majority of patients, like, the ones that when you merge the, with the aloe and auto, like, you provided me a data set that showed that information, and what was interesting about that, so I need to talk to Peter about it. because I don't have the answer, is, no, I don't know if I have that data set open anymore. It looks like the, um, folks that had cyclopostamide in an atalogy is transplant, it was like, you know, they weren't super close together, but the people that had cyclopostamide in an allergin egg, SCT, those were like a day or 2 apart. Like consistently in a data set you showed me. So it seems like psychofoss of mine often gets paired with allergin, I guess, CTs, but that, I don't know if it's what we would claimly necessarily expect, 'cause he was saying that allergenic doesn't usually have a consolidation regimen unless it's considered, um, maybe it's being considered conditioning medication. So, I'm just more talking these things out, but the... Yeah, it seems like that's kind of a strong pattern. A lot of people are receiving cyclophosmite, right on top of their allergenetic stem cells. So, we'll keep talking about this, but it was helpful to see the patients and just look at the spans and how the data looks, so we'll follow up. But so I guess the next action items is just the spec, and all of it, the dashboard, and then we can convene and, like, swap feedback next time will be the plan. Sure, that sounds fun. Okay, great. Thank you so much, Ongar. Yeah, have a good evening. I'll talk to you soon. Thanks. Okay, bye. 9 in a book. Cool.
